the best leader I've ever had. A deadly calm. A mentor is was a a commander
who was my boss when I was in Japan for the second time. He was
not gonna be a commanding officer, but he had the rank of 05 And he
had a very easy going attitude towards everything journal professionally.
And it just kind of showed that you did not have to be hard
nosed about everything. You did not have to be overly demanding about
everything in order to do a good job. And he did a fantastic job.
He made the working environment very good, enjoyable even. And the people
in the working of environment. While we didn't always agree, we
got along very well, I think, largely because of his leadership